<h1>How My wife is killing my son's childhood and Emotionally Alienating him from me!</h1>

[INSERT KANAV HOLI PICTURE]

I had a very simple drama free childhood, I used to admire people who had so much to talk about and secretly wished that there was some drama in my life too. Gosh it came true, and came as a tsunami. 

In October (2016) I went to meet my son in his school, all my attempts to meet him and contact my wife had met stubborn silence and aggression from her office staff. Kanav had come to Bangalore after almost 18 months away from me at his maternal grand parents house. At first the teachers were taken aback, Kanchan had mentioned that she was a single mother and father's name was deliberately ommitted from the admission form.I showed them my identification and Kanav's passport and that I am his father. After much reluctance they let me in.

I was not sure if my son would even recognise me, he did. There were tears of relief coming out a father's eyes. I asked him you came to Bangalore and did not come to your father. The poor kid says "Mama told me that you don't lift your phone, I asked her so many times to let me talk to you". I wanted to spare the kid trouble of all this drama, hoping time will heal his scars. I was very wrong then, this was just the beginning -- my wife was determined to continue on a narcissist trajectory and spare no efforts to emotionally alienate him from me.

Next week when I went to the school, the school guys were not ready to let me meet Kanav. WHY? Because she had come and fought with them -- an ugly verbal spat I was told, asking them to kick me out of the school premises. I was shown a letter which she had given, telling them I am criminal and a threat to Kanav's life. Kanchan was ready to stoop to any level, she was clearly using Kanav in her fight against me -- she did not care what harm it did to him. The school authorities called her while I was there. She came and fought and shouted and threatened. 

[INSERT VIDEO KANCHAN FIGHTING]
[INSERT LETTER TO SCHOOL]

She never went to the police station, why would she and how what would she say anymore. She had already used the Bramhastra available to manipulative Indian women. I did go, filed a complaint with the officer promising to look into it. Next week when I went there with my friend, this is what the officer on duty tells me

"Bhalotia sahab mera pura breakfast aaj nikal gaya. Maine aapki wife ko call kiya, usne mere upar rocket launch kar diya. Main samajh sakta hu ki aapke saath kya beet rahi hai. She was not ready to listen and kept shouting at me. Ab humlog police hain gunde to nahin, what can we do". He washed his hands off advising me to go to family court.


I did not know if I should stop or atleast see my son, spend a few moments with him every once in a while. I had my answer next week. I went to the school and found that she has been thrashing him and scolding him for meeting me. The kid was really scared to come near me. The maid tells me he has been told that if he meets his father than he cannot come back to her. 


[INSERT VIDEO KANAV BEING TAKEN AWAY]

She took the toys that I gave to Kanav and asked the maids to tell Kanav that his father took them away.

[INSERT VIDEO WITH MAID]


The father in me still does not want to give away, I am still thinking what has the poor kid done. He is just shit scared, I still need to go and atleast show him my face that his father is still there and has not abandoned him. And I am right. He wants to desperately meet me, but school authorities have strict instructions to not let me even watch him. The school actually does not have a right to stop the father unless there is a injunction from court. But like so many other Indians, they just want to avoid confrontation with an individual who is more likely to fight like a madman. My heart tells me to, but I know that this is not helping my kid -- I will meet him for 10 minutes and his mother will make him suffer for rest of the day.

I am fighting a legal battle for visitation, did not want to get into that. But she has left no other option. She has been wanting that I do this, so she can stake claim to maintenance and money and property.


[EARLIER]


I was very fond of my son, I loved spending time with him, taking care of him (cleaning, bathing, feeding), shopping for him. We would get all sorts of organic foods and supplements be it organic almond oil for his massage, kid friendly tooth. I think this made my wife very very jealous, still not sure how can a mother be jeaous of her own son. But she would compare the amount of affection and time i devote to him, compared to her. She would nag me for bringing toys (saying I am spoiling him, I am using my money power), nag me for pacifying him after she would have scolded him like an animal (saying I am not fit enough to be a dad, i am goat)

She had no interest nor energy to take care of an infant, I don't know what societal pressure she imagined she had which forced her to keep doing it though. She had very gender biased views of who should do what for the kid. She would also block me from taking care of my son - I overheard her mother on speaker phone once saying that don't allow Kanav to either sleep with Gaurav or be fed by him, he will become closer to his dad. And next day I see that she started taking him away after he had slept.
[INSERT VIDEO FEEDING]
She also started dropping him off at school (which I was doing earlier) and picking him from school The daycare timings were increased to 8 hours (this for a 1.5 yrs old child) and why? So that he does not spend time with me and build a close bond -- something which he had already built and this was her gameplan to start separating us.

When things would go very severe, with Kanav breaking down badly due to this food tussle. I would have to intervene, all the battle gains ofcourse turned on me now. Atleast my son would get some respite. However now Kanchan took this to the next level.

Kanav ran away from her to escape the daily torture after a few soup spoons down his throat. I hear the door bell ring and who do I see? COPS. the guy says, sir your wife has complained that you are snatching away her son from her. 

[INSERT PICTURE CCTV COP]

I saw WHAT? He says please come with me. I put on my trousers and shirt, my son will not leave me. So the cop asks Kanchan also to accompany. 

They take me into the lockup room and ask me to sit outside on the bench. All this while Kanav is with me, he does not want to go to Kanchan, he is scared. We sit there for 5 hours (doing nothing, later I realise that delaying is the tactic that indian legal and police system use a lot). In the meantime multiple times Kanchan comes first with a havaldar, then with a lady cop. Telling me to give away Kanav to her. I tell I am not stopping him. They try to forcibly take him -- he gets into bouts of uncontrollable fear and crying. They realise that probably what Kanchan is saying is not true. 

I am called into the ACP room, he starts shouting at me. Gives me warning, I ask him for what. He says solve your problem in your house, I am not sure what I did here and what actually Kanav had done. I call my lawyer. He tells me that Kanchan had filed a 498a complaint. That was the first time I had heard about this term.


Section 498A is a law that ensures justice to women who are subjected to dowry abuse or death. However, the law is viewed as stringent and gender biased. The law was introduced in 1983 in the wake of high-scale dowry deaths in India, reported the BBC.

However, it is also a law that has been most widely misused. “It was a law made with very noble intentions. But a law that was made to save lives has taken many lives,”

Later on I would hear this word so many times, many times from Kanchan because she thought and still thinks that this is a magic wand that will make me do anything she wants.

I was still very stupid, thinking that she probably did not want to file this complaint and has been instigated by lawyers and irresponsible friends. But overtime things kept getting clearer what the objective was. I will talk about it later.


In the complaint I see allegations that I beat her and am a threat to her and the baby. I don't provide food for the baby, and that infact my father in law Mr. Jagdish Prasad Killa has been feeding and providing for my family, even making payment for maids in my house for last two years.

she would beat him infront of me for not writing alphabets properly (this was when he was only 3.5 yrs old)


she would force feed him, even her mother would threaten him to eat, otherwise she will bring hot tongs from kitchen. 

no one can save you, not even your father. You have to eat -- this would be a kadhai full of porridge -- same stuff day in and day out, no vegetables, no fruits -- he would keep complaining, many times vomit. In between he will have to finish off a litre of water (in between meals). Actually the ritual was to have half a litre of water 15 mins before meal to flush down any acidity and then stuff in the porridge. 

Suggestions from me ofcourse were darts of poison, the doctors and other experts were also systematically denied.



[INSERT HAPPENINGS IN ROURKELA]



At 4 years, the maid at the school says -- Sir your son does not know how to chew, I feel bad about him. How can the poor soul chew if all his 4 years food has been thrust down his throat.



My son has done no wrong to be sufferring at this tender and formative age. His soul chose me as his father and has every right to spend time full of love, care, learning and joy with me. We as couple surely have problems (saving that for a later post), there is probably no looking back. However the kid has fundamental right of access to both parents. He has already lost valuable years, his future buried under the ego of my wife and her parents. They are ready to go to any extent than look inwards. I am still fighting for justice - a voice in me says we will get relief soon; how can I let them spoil my son's life so easily.